cummings
++
Ms. Patricia Cummings
++
History / Ecomomics
++
Ms. Cummings hails from city of Philadelphia in the great state of
Pennsylvania. She first became interested in meeting and working with people
from other countries when she started studying French in high school. She spent
her junior year of college in France for two years after receiving her BA from
Villanova University. when she came back from France, she received her masters
degree in the teaching of English as a Second Language from the University of
Pennsylvania. It was while she was working on her masters that she began to
gain experience teaching. At that time, most of her students were refugees from
Vietnam. Next she headed for Madrid, Spain, where she spent three years
teaching English to adults and where she learned to speak Spanish. When she
returned to the U.S., she found ajob teaching ESL in a middle school in
Washington, DC. After 8 years in DC, she was hired to teach HILT at Thomas
Jefferson Middle School in Arlington. Finally,in 1995, she joined the staff of
the newly created Hilt Institute at the Arlington Career Center where she has
been teaching ever since. Ms. Cummings feels privileged to be working in a such
a great program with such wonderful students.
=++=
kinnard
++
Mr. Sean Kinnard
++
English
++
My name is Sean Kinnard. I am originally from Los Angeles, California. I went
to college in Portland, Oregon. In my 20s I live in both Guatemala and Japan. I
have been living in Virginia for seven years. I live in Courthouse with my wife
and two daughters. I like spending time with my family and friends. I have so
many goals for this year. One of my main goals is that all my students learn as
much English as they possibly can in my class. In addition, I want all my
students to feel that they are part of the community here at the Career Center.
=++=
trevino
++
Ms. Amanda Treviño
++
HILT Institute Coordinator
++
Ms. Treviño is the Coordinator and Counselor for the HILT Institute program.
She is passionate about working with students and families to support students'
academic success. Ms. Treviño has 12 years of experience working with children,
youth and families. She has a Bachelor's degree in Psychology from George
Washington University, and a Master's degree in Clinical Social Work from
Virginia Commonwealth University. Ms. Treviño is originally from Peru but
arrived to the United States at the age of 4. She grew up in Arlington,
Virginia. As the daughter of immigrant parents, Ms. Treviño understands the
many challenges that immigrant students face today. Ms. Treviño is married and
has a 3 year old daughter named Isabella. In her free time, Ms. Treviño enjoys
spending time with family and friends, dancing, reading books and traveling.
